It's a question of ambition. really.
Let me rephrase that.
It's a matter of limitation.
And the importance of knowing yours.
Your boss. Tama.
He had a reputation. yes.
But he also knew where he stood.
understood how high he could climb.
That's why Bangun
let him be the man he was.
Don't mind them.
Now I like to think that I'm a reasonable man.
Like you. some would
consider me ambitious.
But you see. in this world of ours.
It's really more of a
"one-step-at-a-time" kind of thing.
And by my reckoning.
You really should have been some fucking
steps away from a meeting like this.
- Bangun will...
- Bangun is an old man!
He's on his way out.
I gave you a chance.
You chose him.
So I guess this brings us back
full circle. ambition...
...and limitation.
Bejo. don't do this. Bejo... Bejo!
Please don't do this.
I already told you.
Don't mind him.
No. Bejo. wait!
You're called?
Rama.
I know who you are.
My brother says you're someone I can trust.
He's right.
They got you pretty bad.
Yes. sir. they did.
Take him through. get him treated.
Be careful.
No. wait! Stop. what the fuck?
No!
What the fuck was that?
It's okay... No really it is.
Calm down. Take a seat. Sit.
Take his jacket. gloves
and any official threads he has.
Dump him out deep.
- He'll float to shore by dawn.
- Yes. Sir.
Trust me. he would've never survived
till morning.
This is the only way we can be
sure he won't say a word about you.
About us.
Us?
I run a unit that weeds out
crooked cops like him.
And I could do with someone like you
to help me dig out some more.
We're a small division.
But we're small for a reason...
.trust.
I have evidence. we could've made a case.
I could've testified.
No. you have hearsay and a box of tapes.
I've been down that road before.
All it does is cough up
low level guys to take the heat.
all just like him.
No. if we're going to clean up this city...
We have to aim higher
and we have to get all of them.
Like it or not. you threw a wrench in their
gears today and they will come for you.
They'll do anything
to remove you from the equation.
If we don't act fast. you'll be gone in a week.
Your family. too.
But it doesn't have to be that way.
Let's say we keep this internal.
If you keep your mouth shut I'll make sure
everything gets covered up nice and clean.
I can protect you.
For you. today never happened.
You were never there.
In their eyes.
you're still a rookie for fuck's sake.
They won't even blink an eye
at one name missing from the report.
Is this all of them?
All eighteen.
No survivors.
What do you think?
Reza.
I'll keep looking.
I'll take care of it personally.
No exceptions.
What do you want?
I want you on my team. go undercover.
You'll be re-trained. given the skills
to do what we need. when we need it.
For the good of this city.
What do you say?
No. Not interested.
Come again?
Sir. with all due respect.
I brought him in to do time.
to take account of his life.
And we put a bullet in him to protect yours!
There's no such thing
as a clean war in this world.
Open your eyes!
My eyes are wide open. sir!
We may be after the same thing you and I...
But I'm not going to follow
the same path as you to get there.
Who killed him?
My brother?
His name is Bejo.
He's been on the up for some time now.
I know the name.
Rama...
Your brother had big enemies.
But they're nothing compared
to what's coming for you.
I can provide safety for your wife and child.
We can keep them out of reach.
But I need you.
Right now this city is carved up
between our local kingpin. Bangun...
And the Goto family from Japan.
Tama. he answered to Bangun.
And that building of his
was the perfect way to pay
whoever he needed to without us knowing.
If we get you close enough to Bangun...
Then sure as fuck we can
weed out the rest of those crooked bastards.
Rama...
For this to end. I need those names.
I need evidence that puts
Reza's hands in Bangun's pocket.
So what's the next step?
Uco. Bangun's only child.
He's serving time in prison.
It's the perfect opportunity.
Get in. get close.
Meaning?
I have to arrest you.
It will be a few months.
You can't know where I am.
And I can't be seen
anywhere near you... or Angga.
But if I don't do this...
I can't protect us this time.
Please understand.
This is the only choice I have left.
He's out of the hospital now. right?
I heard he was discharged...
Shut your fucking mouth!
You nod here. yes or no.
Do you understand me?
So what did he do?
What did he do?
Enough.
I need more than that.
He's the asshole son
of an asshole politician.
Can't you just put me in. lock me up?
Why does this kid have to bleed?
His daddy is the reason Uco is in prison.
If we're talking earning credibility.
Doing this puts you
immediately on his radar.
At the very least. it gives you two
something to talk about.
If I'm going to do this. really do this.
I need a better reason.
He's also a major benefactor...
For Bejo.
Rama. listen...
Do enough to get inside...
But not enough to keep you there for good.
Where is he?
I believe Beni and his boys
introduced themselves yesterday?
Which one is Beni?
Him.
Now while I'm in here.
Beni and his associates are with me.
Oh. yeah? And who are you?
You'll figure that out at some point.
And when you do. maybe you'll show me
a little more fucking respect.
But for now. I'll be tolerant.
So what do you want?
An apology?
This?
This is my "just in case".
There are never enough walls
to cover your back.
Even you.
Especially after your little "display".
I'm someone who can put walls up.
I can cover your back
in any square inch of this place.
You may not know who I am now.
But when you do
you'll realize how real my offer is.
Join with us and own this wing with me.
We could do with someone like you
fighting on our side.
- I'm flattered. but...
- Don't make me tap the table again.
With all due respect. I don't really like
spending my time acting tough in toilets.
- Excuse me.
- Listen...
In here you'd be wise to pick a side.
Loners don't tend to last long.
Clearly.
The warden tells me
you've got quite a group here.
I got who I could.
I'm working to get some of our guys
inside to cover your back.
But until I do.
you got to keep a low profile.
You can't trust any of these fuckers.
Low profile?
I'm my father's son.
That alone makes me a target here.
All I can do is use it against them.
Just you focus on
keeping them knives away.
It would make my job a lot easier
if you'd cool things down here.
When was the last time
you spent inside. Eka?
Keeping quiet is not an option.
Unless I want to wake up
every morning with a broom up my ass.
Here's a start. find out about that guy.
Why's he here?
Him?
He wheel-chaired your favorite
politician's kid in Fuazan's club.
Not bad.
His name's Yuda. He's from the sticks.
He's a nobody.
Well. that "nobody"
took out 15 of my guys.
So he can fight. so what?
He's clean. no connections on the outside.
Who the fuck are you?
I'm the guy gifting you five years of my graft
just so you can say you belong.
Since you walked in through that door...
...they've been eyeballing you.
All trying to get a feel for who you are.
But by sitting here...
I just made you.
You can thank me later.
Oh. yeah. who do I thank
for the fucking three years I got given?
Bunawar said
I'd be out in months. not years.
Did you really think that crook politician
would stop at you being in here?
That it would make things "even".
Fair? No.
You went after his son.
Be glad he showed enough heart
not to come after yours.
I need you to talk to Bunawar...
Nah. I'm just here to show my face.
And I did that already.
Now you're on your own.
Suck it up. don't fuck it up.
I rely on you now
the same way you relied on me.
Those bruises will heal.
How does it feel?
Different.
- Here. give me that.
- No need.
Fuck you. you got it?
If I'd parked further away.
then. yeah. you can carry it yourself.
But this. this I got.
- It's good to have you out.
- I appreciate what you did for me.
I needed all the help
I could get.
Pass on my thanks to your father.
You can do that yourself.
We're going to his office.
He wants to thank you personally.
- He doesn't have to.
- Yeah. he does.
Okay?
Do you know of a man
that goes by the name Bejo?
Sounds familiar.
Half-Arab kid. made a name for himself
when he took out Yudi's group.
He's been making waves of late.
Owns a few restaurants. takes care
of problems for high-profile clients.
The kind that
can't afford to carry a spotlight.
I know him. came to me way back
wanting collateral to set up shop.
I'm getting rumors that he's
looking to expand his operations.
Where?
That's where the rumors stop.
But it will be one of ours.
Yes it is... I'm sorry
but he cannot be disturbed right now.
Thank you.
- How long will my father be?
- He'll be done soon.
Excuse the mess.
It could be nothing.
I just thought you'd want to know now.
While one of us can still
take care of a situation like him.
I'll have my men monitor the situation.
If he steps out of line.
we'll take care of it.
You have nothing to worry about.
Who says I'm worried. asshole?
With respect.
The respect is mutual.
Mr. Goto.
Ah. there they are!
We finally meet.
Likewise. sir.
Your son speaks very highly of you.
And so he should.
I want you to know we tried
to get you out sooner.
But you hurt the wrong person.
Let's just say his father made it
damn difficult to get you a pardon.
It's okay.
Besides. what's done is done.
You're out now.
We move on.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now take your fucking clothes off.
I'm sorry?
You heard me.
It's okay. Yuda. just do what he says.
Uco. come on. wait a...
Listen.
It's not that I don't trust you.
I just don't trust anybody.
If the worse that happens
during your time with us...
...is that you suffer the indignity
of an old man seeing your cock...
Then I'd say you got off light.
Take them off.
Everything.
Arms up.
Turn around.
Check them.
All clear.
Turn around.
Burn them anyway.
Give him something new.
Incinerator.
Now it's like this...
I will always appreciate
what you did for my boy.
I'll never forget that.
But it's not a free pass with me.
I've thanked you in person.
And we'll make sure
you're looked after while you're here.
But when it comes to the work.
you're no more special than anyone else.
If you fuck up. you're out.
I won't let you down.
So this is your place.
You have pretty much
everything you need.
Anything you don't...
Just call and they'll take care of it.
Thanks.
Bangun gave me everything I have.
And he will do the same for you.
We come from
the same place. you and I.
I hope that's not
where our similarities end.
I'll pick you up tomorrow at 8:00.
Be ready at 7.00.
- It's me.
- What happened? We lost you.
You're gonna get me fucking killed.
Day one with a wire?
Are you kidding me?
You're fresh out of prison. they wouldn't...
Yeah. well. he fucking checked me anyway.
They burned all my clothes.
Do they know?
If I hadn't torn that shit out first.
I'd have been burned with it.
Don't play games with me.
NO More surprises.
Not from you. not again.
Where are you?
No. I'm not disclosing that.
and don't you dare trace this fucking call.
I don't want you or any of your team
within a mile of this place.
Calm down. you're safe.
I'm fucking serious.
you could have gotten me killed.
This guy. any hint at all.
and he will sniff it out.
From now on. you follow my lead.
I'll leave a pair of shoes
at our RV point.
Fix them up
and I'll pick them up when I'm ready.
You'll know I got them
once they start walking.
- Hold on. I need time to...
- Just get it done.
Angga. be careful.
I've told you before.
Hello?
Isa...
Rama?
Where are you? Are you ok?
I'm safe. don't worry about me.
Isa...
Everything just went... I'm so sorry.
Are you both safe?
We're getting by.
Is that Angga?
Yes.
Please let me listen to him.
Don't put him on.
I just want to hear him.
Please.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Ears to the ground.
Eyes everywhere.
With people like these.
you can't predict how they will react.
We could go in smiling.
or storm in shooting.
And the reaction would be exactly the same.
These people are reckless.
they don't have their shit together.
If they did. we wouldn't be side-stepping
puddles of piss to get to them.
Focus. Don't let your mind drift.
Not for a second.
Topan.
Uco.
Sorry. can I help you with anything.
It's all there in the envelope.
This isn't enough.
Not enough?
But I counted it myself.
It's exact.
Oh. yeah. go back a month and you're right.
Just like always.
But this month. you're short 5.000.
Take a seat.
- Motherfucker. stop shaking around.
- It hurts. It's too big.
Fuck this shit.
Where the fuck
did you find this guy?
Hitchhiker.
Hitchhiker? Fuck. come on.
how do you expect me to work like this?
Seriously. sort it the fuck out.
Let's shoot this thing. you fucking loser!
Get on with it! Camera. rolling. shooting.
Just fuck that guy's asshole. you bitch!
Sorry.
I don't understand.
you're kidding. right?
Sit down.
So...
For 20 years. my father has ensured that
not one cop has ever knocked on your door.
Now you've been free to operate on our turf.
and we've worked together peacefully
throughout.
But these payments. these envelopes.
They only cover you for cock and cum.
They don't allow for any... expansions.
I'm hearing rumblings. Topan.
People are talking.
Seems that you and your boys here
are responsible for some powder...
...circulating in my father's territory.
Ah no. that? That's just...
You don't have to explain anything.
We already know everything.
Now. taking into account
this new enterprise of yours...
And the fact you sure as hell don't want
some pig's knuckles rapping at your door.
The price just went up.
All you have to do is dig
just a little bit deeper.
Then we can forgive
you this minor indiscretion.
Now if you would be
so kind. this envelope...
It's still a little light.
He did good.
Hounded him down quickly and cleanly.
You'd swear he's been doing it all his life.
Didn't put a foot wrong.
Okay.
Uco. give this to the kid.
You handled the situation well today.
It will send out the right message.
Keep it up.
Thank you. sir.
Okay.
- Sir?
- Yes?
I was wondering...
...what with the way things have been.
Maybe it's time for me to start
taking on a little more responsibility.
Maybe handle some of our more...
When the time comes. I'll know.
But it's not now.
Not yet.
Anything else?
No.
Okay. thank you. Uco.
Thank you.
- Would you like a drink?
- No. I'm fine thanks.
Come on. man. drink a little.
Pour the man a drink.
I'm fine. I've had enough.
If you won't drink. then sing at least.
You've been quiet since you got here.
Don't worry about me. I'll just watch.
Fuck. you don't drink.
you won't sing.
You should have told me earlier.
We could be at a titty bar...
...hooking up with Uzbeki girls
instead of sweating in here.
Being ignored by these cheap skanks.
Hey. who the fuck are you calling skanks?
I'm more than you.
and you should know that already.
- Prick!
- Joanna. don't!
No. no it's okay.
Joanna...
I'm the kind of guy
that your friend is rightly afraid of.
Ask her.
Oh. yeah? And why is that?
It's like this.
The place you work.
the place where you live.
The place where you fuck your clients.
My father owns all of it.
And it's my job to make sure
that everyone who works in this city...
Remembers to show their appreciation.
So you're a debt collector?
- Fuck it. I'll sing. pass me the book.
- No!
We're just talking.
She's a big girl.
she can say what she wants.
Exactly!
Go ahead. keep drinking.
It'll numb the pain for later.
What did you just say?
I said it's your turn to sing.
I don't want to sing.
I want to know what you just said.
You either sing or fuck. you fucking whore.
Or try both!
Come on sing!
Last chance.
do you wanna fuck or sing?
Which is it? Make a decision.
You wanna sing?
Okay. let's pick a song.
Wait. I'll get the songbook.
Where's the fucking songbook?
Quick. we're waiting to sing.
Hey! Don't fucking touch that!
Don't you fucking dare!
This is the problem with this country.
Everyone promises everything.
Everything's yes. yes. yes!
But when the time comes
to collect. it's all change.
"Oh. I'm sorry I can't.
No. no. bullshit!"
But not tonight!
Now... Sing.
Is everything okay here. sir?
No. we're all good.
Everything's fine.
Is everything fine?
- You see. We're all happy here.
- Please let me go!
- Close the door on your way out.
- Please help us.
Take the girls with you.
Uco.
Go on. get out!
It's on us tonight. sir.
Thank you.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I don't care
what some hooker says.
It's that she had the fucking nerve
to think she was allowed to say it.
I'm more than that.
More than all this.
It's my fucking time. Yuda.
Why can't he see that. too?
- He will. I'm sure.
- Oh. yeah? When?
Wait here.
Hello?
I've seen many a man
pass me by in my time.
Men who could have lasted
a little longer had they known when to stop.
But they don't.
No surprise.
They all end up in the same place.
that same shallow ditch.
A fading memory.
Fill it with rocks this time.
That's the reality of things.
If you choose to follow us.
you follow us.
Simple as that.
They burn out real fast.
I see it in him.
I've tried to ignore it.
but I know Uco has that fire.
I had to lose a lot in my life.
Before I could truly see
what was important to me.
I don't want the same
to happen to my boy.
He won't. sir.
The time I've known him.
he speaks nothing but highly of you.
I hope you're right.
But I know what my gut tells me.
Seems you're his shadow these days.
So should anything flag up in that brain
of yours. anything at all. you tell me.
Otherwise. it's like I said...
It's further down the line. the same
place and that same shallow ditch.
I hope for your sake
you can swim.
Toss them back in.
Nothing tastes good here.
The main difference between
you and I can be defined by one word.
Legacy.
Every step I take
is a step forward for my family.
Every step that you take...
Is cloaked in the shadow of your father.
I can exist in this world
with no set of rules to follow.
No expectations
of who I should become.
No rules to abide by.
My father...
He was a fucking road sweeper.
Shining shoes would have made me
a success story compared to him.
So yes...
You and I. we couldn't be more different.
But deep inside.
our ambitions are the same.
After all. you came here
of your own accord.
Now we've eaten well.
drank good wine...
And I'd like to think
that you would know even now...
That should I be
in the business of making demands...
All I need to do
is point a fucking gun at your head.
But that's not how I do business.
Not today at least.
Today I'm offering you a gift.
An opportunity.
Something I'm sad to say
your father chose to keep from you.
Please.
Those prison gates opened
and not one person
from your group was there to pick them up.
Imagine my surprise.
Imagine their surprise
when my men picked them up
and brought them here...
For you.
That's my gift.
I give you the opportunity.
Now claim your revenge.
And after that?
We talk business.
You know. if it's financial help you need...
It's muscle.
Oh. that I can do.
So what do you want exactly?
I've got my eye
on this patch of land.
Whose land?
That's why I need you.
That leaves only two possibilities.
I'm sorry. but all due respect...
If I wanted to rent a patch of land
fair and square. I'd be meeting your father.
Not you.
It belongs to the Japanese.
Ah...
It's the perfect spot for expansion.
Then why are you meeting with me?
It's their land.
My father would never allow it.
He would never do anything
to disrupt the truce.
Again. I'm not interested
in what your father thinks.
I need your support for this and if I can be
frank. it seems you need my support also.
Come again?
Talk around town suggests the top brass
aren't happy anymore with your daddy.
Times are changing.
The Goto family are starting
to make connections.
Top connections.
When your father leaves the office.
he goes home. he sleeps.
Meanwhile Goto's boy is drowning
Reza and his men in whiskey.
All it takes to sway a cop or a politician
is a little cash and a lot of pussy.
What can I do for you?
Give me your word
and I'll put an end to the truce.
Put your faith in me and I'll tip the odds
in your favor when the war begins.
You'll have everything.
And people will see how you took charge...
...and made your family
bigger than it's ever been.
And you? What's your angle?
I'm in this for the long run.
We carve up Goto's land.
run this city side-by-side
and I get a small patch to myself...
Free of charge.
No questions asked.
And how do you suppose
to start a war between us?
Not a drop of blood
has been spilled in over 10 years.
Well. that would have to change.
Good boy.
If you expect him to put his
men to war with the Gotos...
It'll take a lot more than
just the death of a foot soldier.
I already have someone in mind.
Okay. so same time next month.
Dwi. wait.
What is it?
What about Karim?
What about him?
Dwi. you promised.
No. I said when the time is right.
And yet again. it's not now.
His friends come here. 'Koso.
Do you think he wants to explain
to them that this is his father?
You don't have to do that. I get it.
But. please. I haven't
seen him since he was...
Yeah. and whose choice was that?
You're the one who
chose to do what you do.
To support you.
There are millions of fathers
in the world supporting their families.
Only they don't come home
with blood on their hands.
Do you even realize anymore
that what you do is so fucking disgusting?
I'm not a smart man.
No. you're not!
But you used to be a good one.
Regardless. I still have a right to see my son.
That's the thing. you don't.
Not like this.
And I don't want to hear
anymore about change.
Because it's been 15 years already.
and I barely recognize you anymore.
I'm sorry. I have to go.
As always.
Crazy. seems anyone
can get in here these days.
Way back. this place had class.
But now you see white guys
walking around in sandals...
Drinking beer cheaper than the skanks
they fuck in the toilets.
It's a fucking disgrace.
It needs to go back like it used to.
When it was ours.
When it was more.
Back then. if my father turned up.
the room would freeze.
They'd fear him.
Because they knew. he could do anything.
Times change.
They may not fear
him like they used to.
But your father hasn't lost
that fire in his stomach.
He just learned how to control it.
They respect him now.
He doesn't need fear no more.
He has their respect.
and that's what counts the most.
It used to count.
Used to.
Not anymore.
Times change faster than you think.
We got people now who don't give a shit
about back then. they only care about now.
Respect?
That doesn't mean shit to them.
That ain't new.
We faced punks like that
more times than I care to remember.
Trust me. they don't last.
And when it's your turn
to take the reins you'll see for yourself.
They'll burn and fall in front of you.
just like they did for your father.
That same fire is in you.
I've seen it
ever since you were a child.
Don't ever lose it.
And if you learn to control it.
Nothing can stop you from becoming
a great man just like your father.
'Koso...
You've always been
a good friend to us.
Your father
has always taken good care of me.
To family.
I'll be right back. got to piss.
The Chinks say they saw the Jap's
attacking 'Koso in that alleyway.
Can you believe that shit?
After all this time. they fuck us like this?
We have to respond!
Busting some heads and going to war
are two very different things.
Prakoso's line of work made him enemies.
Not just the Gotos.
Hell. even the Chinese wanted his head.
This wasn't the first time
he'd been under attack.
Sadly. it was the last.
Where the fuck have you been?
What happened?
After everything he did for us.
this is how we repay him?
All 'Koso ever cared for in the world
was his wife and kid.
He had no time for making things personal.
So. from now.
we'll take care of his family.
But we will not retaliate.
What?
Fuck. Eka. talk some sense into him.
We're losing our hold here.
Sir. we have ruled this territory
for over 30 years!
And my decision on this
will see us through 30 more!
Stand down. Cool off!
Relax.
Remember your place.
Uco!
Yuda...
Watch over him. take him out.
get some girl to fuck his mind off this.
Don't let him do anything stupid.
Yes. boss.
Unbelievable.
Eka...
This is no good.
No good at all.
Uco!
Come on. what the fuck?
Who the fuck do you think you are?
Your father's right.
If you rush into this it won't help.
it will make things worse.
Well. you've grown all of a sudden.
I know how you feel.
but you have to let it go.
I've been there. lost control.
And look where it got me.
Look where it got you?
It got you a fucking
penthouse suite that I pay for.
I'm just trying to help.
I know how much your father...
Fuck you!
Who the fuck do you think you are?
You think you know my father?
You mean nothing to him.
You're just something we owe.
Nothing more.
Pretty soon. we'll be even.
then he'll cut you free.
What? Did you expect more?
Go fuck yourself.
Did we get the okay?
Fuck the okay. Do it.
It's on.
Time for work.
How many?
A few.
Please. have mercy.
Give me the ball.
That was a mistake.
No. wait. don't!
No!
- Where to?
- Tanah Abang.
Enough.
We settle this now.
Mr. Goto.
Mr. Bangun.
We acknowledge...
This is the first show of aggression
between either of you in over 10 years.
- There are always casualties...
- First conflict in over 10 years.
If this continues...
We will be forced
to disband both your families.
Enough!
Only a fool argues
for the pride of a dead man.
Mr. Goto. my apologies.
It's fine.
I accept full responsibility
for all that has happened.
What?
It seems decisions have been made
by less experienced members
of my organization.
For that. I can only apologize.
And for all
that has happened this past week.
I will do everything required to prevent
any further bloodshed between us.
Thank you for your swift resolution.
Now. gentlemen. if you'll excuse me.
I feel I must tend
to my organization immediately.
Of course.
Excuse me.
I heard what happened. are you okay?
What the fuck is going on?
Why have I got cops
attacking me on the street?
Who the fuck made that call?
Calm down.
So far everything seems to suggest
this was purely territorial.
Seems Reza has his men
supporting the Goto family.
Pull me out. now!
I'm afraid I can't do that.
What do you mean can't?
What have I not witnessed?
Murder. extortion. bribery...
Corruption.
You were never investigating Bangun.
you knew that.
We want the cops they pay.
You think you're alone in this?
This isn't your show. Rama.
None of us are spiders.
We're all just a small part
of a big fucking web.
Listen. hold tight.
Your identity is safe.
Yuda. where the fuck have you been?
Get your ass to the office now
and get Uco the fuck out of here.
Do you realize how many men
we lost just to play your fucking game?
Everything I've built was for you.
Everything was for you!
And you almost brought it to the ground.
You put everything at risk!
And for what?
For what?
Tell me why.
Come on. tell me.
- For what? For what?
- Please. Dad. Please...
Listen to me...
Dad. please...
For what?
Fuck!
You say you're ashamed of me.
well. I'm ashamed of you!
What the fuck was that back there?
Where's your self-respect?
Apologizing to those motherfuckers?
And in their language...
On our land!
You want to know
what drove me to this?
I'm tired.
Tired of waiting.
I can't just sit back
and do nothing like you.
You had your moment to rage.
But where's mine?
What the fuck do I get?
Shaking down junkies for bit change?
That's not the role of a future boss.
That's not work you give a boss!
You've destroyed us.
You've destroyed everything.
Dad. everything we've lost.
We can get back.
We can get it all back.
Dad... Trust in me. I can fix this.
I can fix this. I can fix this.
Okay. that's enough.
Enough.
Eka...
Prepare a package for the Gotos.
We'll give them our land
in Menteng and Sabang.
Yes. boss.
You can't go in there. He's in...
Forgive me.
You fucking traitor.
How could you do this. Uco?
Eka. run!
What do you want to do with him?
Get rid of him.
What's that?
Yeah... I understand.
I'll call you back.
Reza was just seen entering
Bejo's restaurant.
I thought we'd secured his services.
That was my understanding.
Then why the fuck is he meeting Bejo?
Well?
Bejo is a fucking nobody.
take care of him. now.
- As for Reza and the rest of them...
- Boss. wait.
Bejo's not alone.
He has Uco with him.
Seems they joined forces...
After taking out Bangun.
Point blank to the head.
Bejo has serious numbers now.
With Reza. he is a genuine threat.
Everything is possible.
What should we do?
We go to war!
If he pulled a trigger on his own father.
He won't hesitate to come for us.
We start over.
I want Uco and Bejo
in the ground by tonight.
Reza and the rest
of those crooks. too.
Wait a minute. you can't be serious!
They're not cops anymore.
They're in my world now.
Eka! Eka!
I know who you are.
I know what you are.
I told you before...
We come from the same place. you and I.
But I pray to God
we don't end up the same.
Whatever. whoever says it to you...
I didn't compromise my position.
I'm not a fucking criminal.
There's no end to this.
You try to run...
They hound you down.
They lose a head?
It just grows right fucking back.
If you want out...
You put them down.
All of them.
Eka. wait.
Why the fuck didn't you tell me you
had an undercover in there with Bangun?
What are you talking about?
- Eka.
- That piece of shit?
That piece of shit saved my life.
Yeah. well. he also cost the lives
of 10 honest cops when he fed us bad intel.
He went rogue. Rama.
And it never crossed
your mind to mention it to me?
Now's not the time for this.
The commissioner is dead.
bodies are piling up all over the city.
I guess there's no such thing
as a clean war. Lieutenant.
Maybe not.
But we can still get to Reza.
We picked him up on Uco's wire.
They're together?
As far as we know.
We lost the signal. but we're on our way.
I'm going to ask you one question.
And it's the only answer I want.
Is my family safe?
Yes. of course.
- Whatever happens. keep them that way.
- Wait. Rama. where are...
Watch over me.
Sir. would you like a tissue?
You better start walking
if you want your fucking tip.
I'm sorry sir.
Of course we can.
We can do what we want.
Anything at all.
But there are always
concessions to make.
New faces. New prices.
New prices? Come on. Reza.
Just think of it as a probation period.
How much did Goto pay you?
Now that wouldn't be
a smart question to ask...
Oh. yeah. and why's that?
Because I'm meeting you.
Not him.
Now think up a number.
If it keeps me here
for dessert. then it's enough.
Hey...
Sidekick.
You're talkative...
Boss. he escaped from the car.
Put the word out.
Whoever finds him will be...
He's here. He's coming up.
- Then Kill him.
- Yes. Sir.
Everything okay. Bejo?
Take care of it.
Reza...
There's nothing to worry about.
Everything is under control.
They are more than capable of...
Mother fucker.
Give me the ball.
As usual.
No!
No...
I'm done.